Docs: Move section about log-level to new troubleshooting page. (#4131)
aiidateam/aiida-core: docs/source/intro/troubleshooting.rst

   $ jupyter notebook

and from the newly opened browser tab select ``New -> <aiida.kernel.name>``

> Increasing the debug level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changing the logging level
```

--------------------------

By default, the logging level of AiiDA is minimal to avoid filling logfiles.
Only warnings and errors are logged to the daemon log files, while info and debug
messages are discarded.

If you are experiencing a problem, you can change the default minimum logging
level of AiiDA messages::

  verdi config logging.aiida_loglevel DEBUG

You might also be interested in circus log messages (the ``circus`` library is the daemonizer that manages the daemon runners) but most often it is used by AiiDA developers::

  verdi config logging.circus_loglevel DEBUG

For each profile that runs a daemon, there will be two unique logfiles, one for
AiiDA log messages (named ``aiida-<profile_name>.log``) and one for the circus logs (named ``circus-<profile_name>.log``). Those files can be found
in the ``~/.aiida/daemon/log`` folder.

> After rebooting the daemon (``verdi daemon restart``), the number of messages
> logged will increase significantly and may help in understanding
> the source of the problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After restarting the daemon (``verdi daemon restart``) additional messages will be logged that may help in understanding the source of the problem.
```

   $ jupyter notebook

and from the newly opened browser tab select ``New -> <aiida.kernel.name>``

.. _intro:increase-logging-verbosity:

Increasing the logging verbosity
--------------------------------

By default, the logging level of AiiDA is minimal to avoid filling logfiles.

> Only warnings and errors are logged to the daemon log files, while info and debug
> messages are discarded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only warnings and errors are logged to the daemon log files, while info and debug messages are discarded.
```
Should just apply style requirements everywhere:
 * one sentence per line
 * proper `.. code-block:: console` for `verdi` commands ..
 * .. plus prefix them with a `$` sign

Author: On it.
